---
layout: blogpost
title: Blog
desc: Read about our day-to-day activities
post_title: We're hiring
author: John Pearson
category: blog
---
The laboratory of Dr. John Pearson ([http://pearsonlab.github.io](http://pearsonlab.github.io)) is seeking a data scientist/research assistant to support its applied machine learning research program. This is a one-year full-time position with the possibility of renewal. Women and minorities particularly encouraged to apply.

The data scientist will be responsible for:
- Managing our cloud-based pipeline for analyzing hundreds of gigabytes of human brain data
- Collecting, cleaning, and analyzing data from online behavioral experiments involving thousands of subjects
- Analyzing neuroscience data using deep learning models

Previous data scientists from the lab have gone on to graduate school (machine learning), as well as data engineering and cloud computing roles in the private sector.

We are especially looking for candidates who:
- have previous research experience
- are recent graduates
- have strong programming skills
- are eager to learn

Words that will get you noticed: Julia, Python, Theano, TensorFlow, Numpy/Scipy/Pandas, git, bash, Cython, Spark, Scala, R, Amazon Web Services, Matlab, PsychophysicsToolbox

Highly desirable: a background in computer science, statistics, engineering, mathematics, or physics.

Interested? Send a brief cover letter, resume, and source code sample (github/bitbucket/gitlab link preferred) to john dot pearson at duke dot edu.
